:fire: [#351] Remove overig from partijidentificator (#420)
maykinmedia/open-klant: CHANGELOG.rst

Change history
==============

2.x.x
=====

> * [:open-klant:`351`] Remove overig from partijidentificator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [:open-klant:`351`] Remove overig from partijidentificator and deprecate `anderePartijIdentificator`
```

.. warning::

>     The field ``andere_partij_identificator`` for ``/partijidentificator`` endpoint is now deprecated and will be removed in the next release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The field ``anderePartijIdentificator`` for ``/partij-identificatoren`` endpoint is now deprecated and will be removed in the next major release
```
